[prompt] Restore important guidance for shell command usage (#2211)
openai/codex: codex-rs/core/prompt.md

- “Alright, build pipeline order is interesting. Checking how it reports failures.”
- “Spotted a clever caching util; now hunting where it gets used.”

> \*\*Avoiding a preamble for every trivial read (e.g., `cat` a single file) unless it’s part of a larger grouped action.

Author: ah yep, copying over the preamble section

For casual greetings, acknowledgements, or other one-off conversational messages that are not delivering substantive information or structured results, respond naturally without section headers or bullet formatting.

# Tool Guidelines

> ## shell commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Shell commands

```

When using the shell, you must listen to the following guidelines:

> - When searching for text or files, prefer using `rg` or `rg --files`, respectively. unless the command is not found. It is much faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When searching for text or files, prefer using `rg` or `rg --files` respectively because `rg` is much faster than alternatives like `grep`. (If the `rg` command is not found, then use alternatives.)
```
